ABOUT AWB KIDS ARE KIDS JOIN THE CAST << Back to AWB News Christine Rouse is honored on the “Today Show” The executive director of Acting Without Boundaries (AWB), Christine Rouse, was featured on the NBC Today Show with “Kathie Lee and Hoda” on March 1, 2012. The monthly segment, called “Everyone Has A Story,” features one ordinary person that has had a life-changing experience in their own life. Christine submitted an essay describing her life’s mission of increasing awareness of and support for people with disabilities. She described the process of creating the two non-profits she manages – “Kids are Kids,” which provides disability awareness workshops and AWB which provides theater arts opportunities for children, youth and young adults with physical disabilities . Christine talked about the importance of both in increasing inclusion for people, especially young people, with physical disabilities. The March “Everyone Has A Story” segment featured Christine, her mother, and her brother. Christine’s mother read a letter she wrote about Christine’s life and the pride she takes in her many accomplishments. John Tartaglia, a Broadway performer sang a song written for Christine – “Different is Beautiful”- by Kathie Lee Gifford and David Freidman. The song has a powerful message and will be performed by AWB actors in the near future. To cap off this exciting experience, the Today Show honored Christine’s work with $1000 donations to each of her organizations, Kids are Kids and AWB. 750 E. Haverford Road, Bryn Mawr, PA 19010 Email: mmurphy@awb2004.org
Read More Music News Taylor Swift Promises Reinvention & Collaborations On Next Album View Comments (Courtesy Big Machine Records) new music, red, sweeter than fiction, Taylor Swift Following the success of her last album, Red, Taylor Swift says she’ll be working with several prominent songwriters once again. In an interview with Billboard, the “Sweeter Than Fiction” singer revealed what fans can expect from her fifth release. “I’m really loving collaboration right now,” said Swift. “I see it as a bit of an apprenticeship. I want to be around people who love writing songs and have done it for years. Every time I’m in a studio I’m learning, like how to build a drum track, and getting a new perspective on things. It’s so thrilling to keep learning on your fifth album. “As soon as [an album] comes out I’m figuring out what the next one will be,” she continued. “It’s gotten to the point where each one is a reinvention, which is what I like best. I like it when it sounds new and people don’t know where you’re going to go next.” Read more at Radio.com
for reference. The original video has been deleted and is no longer available. Manuel returns to practiceORCHARD PARK, N.Y. Buffalo Bills quarterback EJ Manuel returned to practice Sunday after missing two weeks because of a left knee injury.Manuel participated in warm-ups and individual drills during the portion of practice open to the media. He moved well and did not appear to show any effects from the injury. He was wearing a small brace on his left knee underneath his black spandex.Manuel had been out since being hurt Aug. 16 in Buffalo's second preseason game. He had what the team referred to as a "minor procedure" on the knee on Aug. 18.The Bills have remained hopeful that the first-round pick would return in time to start the team's season opener against New England.Read more here: http://www.star-telegram.com/2013/09/01/5126154/bills-qb-ej-manuel-returns-to.html#storylink=cpy
Ciara, VH1 Divas 2012, VH1 DIVAS, Ciara, VH1 DIVAS Photos, Tune In Live Sunday Dec. 16 9/8c at VH1 0 Comments Vh1 Divas 2012: Ciara Performs Michael Jackson Tribute Ciara danced to Michael Jackon’s “Billie Jean” during Vh1 Divas. She earned cheers from the crowd when she moonwalked in the late pop icon’s style. Ciara went on to perform her single, “Got Me Good.” Ciara, Michael Jackson, Music, performances, VH1, Vh1 Divas tv
4 Mind 4 Life: Mental Health Tips Mental Health Tips Brain Fog Causes and Cloudy Thinking Created by Drew | : New Brain Information You should know that brain fog is very common to experience for people of all ages. Brain fog can happen to anyone, young or old, and is recognized by symptoms of disorientation, lack of mental accuracy, and forgetfulness. A person suffering from brain fog will begin to forget things and cut themselves off from the world. This isolation can easily lead to low spirits and feelings of despair. Brain fog influences literally thousands of different people and can cause serious difficulties on the job, in the classroom, and at home. People suffering from brain fog often develop feelings of low dignity and low self-worth which can harm their personal relationships. Some people claim that brain fog can cause you to become so depressed that you begin engaging in illegal and destructive activities. Brain Fog Causes Although brain fog happens fairly often, the medical and psychology fields aren’t very quick to diagnose or admit that it occurs. There are a lot of people that have been affected by brain fog for many years and still can’t get a doctor to diagnose and treat them. It has been pointed out by certain groups, who believe it should be diagnosed as a medical problem, that some individuals have experienced it for so long that they believe it is a normal and healthy way of life. Brain fog causes include a number of contributing factors such as physical problems, emotional issues, or chemical imbalances. Some believe that brain fog may even be caused by spiritual reason
hide Positive outlook in heart disease tied to fewer deaths Friday, September 20, 2013 9:20 a.m. EDT NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - People with heart disease who are more upbeat and excited tend to live longer than those who don't have such a positive outlook, a new study suggests, possibly because they are often more active. Researchers surveyed people with ischemic heart disease - when the heart doesn't get enough blood due to narrowed arteries - and found earning a high score on measures of "positive affect" was tied to a greater chance of being a regular exerciser and a lower risk of dying over the next five years. "It adds to the body of literature suggesting that there may be relationships between positive affect … and all-cause mortality," Richard Sloan, who studies psychological risk factors and heart disease at Columbia University Medical Center in New York, said. But, "It's going to take more than this to be confident that there's a link in the way we're confident there's a link between depression and (a higher risk of) heart disease," Sloan, who didn't participate in the new research, told Reuters Health. The new study included 607 heart patients who were seen at one Danish hospital. Susanne S. Pedersen from Tilburg University in The Netherlands and her colleagues asked the patients about their quality of life, mood and lifestyle habits including physical activity in 2005. Then they used death and hospital records to track participants through 2010. On a mood scale ranging from 0 to 40, where higher scores indicate feeling more relaxed, self-confident and excited, half of participants scored a 24 or above. (Negative affect was measured separately - so a person could score high or low on measures of both positive attitude and insecurity or helplessness.) During the follow-up period, 30 of the high positive affect patients died of any cause, compared to 50 people with a lower positive attitude score. Some of that association appeared to be driven by exercise habits, the researchers found. People with high mood scores were more likely than other participants to say they exercised at least once a week, and exercisers were half as likely to die as non-exercisers. There was not a clear difference, however, in how often people were hospitalized for heart-related conditions, based on their positivity. During the study period, about half of all participants were hospitalized for a heart attack, heart failure or chest pain, for example, according to findings published in Circulation: Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes. The researchers said past studies also found a link between having a positive outlook and better heart health, but it was unclear what explained the association. "There is some evidence to suggest that even among people who are already ill, who already have heart disease or diabetes or related conditions, that those people who are happier also have better outcomes," Julia Boehm from Chapman University in Orange, California, who has studied psychological wellbeing and heart health, said. Health behaviors such as exercise are one possible explanation for that link, she told Reuters Health. Some researchers have also proposed another mechanism, suggesting optimism may affect physiologic processes in the body that would ultimately influence heart health, such as inflammation levels. Pedersen and her colleagues noted that they did not have information on participants' type or intensity of exercise. The researcher also said the study can't say how exercise and positive affect may be linked. "We do not know what comes first (also known as the ‘chicken and egg' problem) and thus cannot make any conclusions about the direction of causality - is it exercise that increases positive affect or positive affect that leads to more exercise with an effect on mortality or both?" Pedersen told Reuters Health in an email. "Irrespectively, it cements what we already know - namely that exercise is good for the heart." Boehm, who wasn't involved in the new research, said there isn't enough evidence to tell people with heart disease to be happier or more optimistic in order to improve their outcomes. But she agreed with Pedersen that there are data to support recommending exercise to those people for heart health. "Hopefully you would have the added benefit of feeling more happy (and) optimistic," she said. SOURCE: http://bit.ly/1f1uPMa Circulation: Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes, online September 10, 2013.
hide U.S. rethinking lowest-priced contract rule for guarding embassies Friday, March 22, 2013 1:08 a.m. EDT By Susan Cornwell WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers are reconsidering a 1990 law that makes the State Department accept the lowest bids for contracts to provide private security at most U.S. diplomatic posts, a requirement that can lead to the hiring of thousands of guards based on how cheap they are rather than their quality. Concerns about the policy, which was aimed at cutting costs, were heightened by the assault on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya, last September, in which U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed. None of the local guards was outside the lightly defended complex when it was overrun by militants, according to the results of a U.S. government inquiry. Fifteen months earlier, at the heavily guarded U.S. Embassy in Pakistan - a walled compound within a gated diplomatic enclave - dozens of local guards refused to work for three days. The strike over pay and benefits potentially put security at risk, the U.S. State Department inspector general's office said in an audit in February 2012. A government spending bill, which passed Congress this week, gives the State Department the flexibility to hire local guards for Afghanistan, Pakistan "and other hostile or high-risk areas" on a best-value basis, allowing for the appropriate trade-offs between cost and quality, a Senate aide said, although the provisions are due to expire at the end of September. Senators Robert Menendez and Bob Corker, the leading Democrat and Republican on the Foreign Relations Committee, are also discussing whether to propose permanent changes to the way local guards are hired as part of embassy security legislation in the coming months, aides to both men said. Many people think of the Marines, the sentinels at the front doors of many U.S. embassies, as the buildings' protectors. But they are there mainly to safeguard classified documents. There were no Marines at the Benghazi mission, a temporary facility. It is the host country - and when it cannot or will not, the locally hired guards - that the U.S. government typically relies on to help keep its diplomats and buildings safe. 'POORLY PAID AND MOTIVATED' One of the last things former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton asked Congress to do before she left office on February 1 was to change the law requiring that most local guard contracts be awarded on a "lowest price technically acceptable" basis. The money-saving requirement applies in "dangerous places like Libya," she said. "We have requested a change in the legislation that would allow us to use some discretion to try to deal with the varieties and vagaries of these local guard forces," she told the House Foreign Affairs Committee in January. Corker heard complaints about the lowest-price rule from U.S. embassies during a recent trip to several African countries. He visited war-torn Mali, as well as Senegal, Algeria and Tunisia, all of which are confronted with the spread of weapons from Libya after Muammar Gaddafi's overthrow. The lowest-priced bid requirement encourages companies to snatch a contract from a competitor by lowering the embassy guards' pay, Corker said. "You're just cutting wages of people who actually have performed well and been on the front lines," he said. The State Department inspector general's office says that changing the law would probably end up costing more - a tough sell in the current atmosphere of fiscal tightening. There are about 30,000 local guards protecting roughly 285 U.S. diplomatic facilities worldwide, the State Department says. During the past several years, about $500 million has been spent annually on the guards. That does not include Iraq and Afghanistan, which have been budgeted separately. In December, a State Department-ordered inquiry into the Benghazi attack cited numerous failures, including serious leadership deficiencies at the department that led to insufficient security. But it also labeled as "inadequate" the responses of the local guards, who worked for a British company called Blue Mountain Group. None was keeping watch outside before the attack, and it was unclear whether they sounded any alarms, the review said. Since the Benghazi attacks, the company has repeatedly declined to comment in response to Reuters' inquiries. The lowest-priced rule for local guard contracts "often results in poorly paid and motivated guards," Michael Raynor, former executive director of the State Department's Bureau of African Affairs, wrote last year. "Paying guards less than living wages" not only has security costs, Raynor wrote to the State Department inspector general, but also "undercuts our Missions' broader engagement in championing human rights." "What it allowed was cheap guarding ... from the local population, or inexpensive Third World guarding from elsewhere," said Charles Tiefer, law professor at the University of Baltimore and member of the U.S. Commission on Wartime Contracting, which examined spending in Iraq and Afghanistan. Last year's audit by the inspector general's office related one particularly large problem at the U.S. Embassy in Pretoria, South Africa. The embassy had to issue 60 "deficiency notices" to its local guard contractor for performance problems. Over two-thirds of 86 U.S. diplomatic posts surveyed reported some problems with guard forces, such as absenteeism and turnover, the audit said. UNAPPROVED GUARDS POSED SECURITY RISK The June 2011 guard strike in Islamabad, Pakistan, posed a security risk because although the contractor replaced the strikers, it did so with unapproved guards who had not undergone required background checks, another audit from the State Department inspector general's office said last year. The strikers had been hired under a 2007 contract awarded to G4S Secure Solutions International Inc on a lowest-price basis. The protest ended when the contractor agreed to increase the guards' pay, the audit said. Their salaries were not revealed in the unclassified version of the report. A spokeswoman for the company, a subsidiary of the British-based G4S security services firm, declined comment. Cameron Munter, who was ambassador to Pakistan during the 2011 guard strike, said, "The obvious end result that any ambassador wants is a motivated guard force that can be depended on in a crisis to do the things it's been trained to do." But Munter also warned that changing contracting rules was not a panacea for safety. "If all we learn from Chris Stevens' death is that we have to spend money differently, we haven't addressed the real issue - which is, we need to be informed and we have to think hard about how we are best informed, in order to protect ourselves. This is a question of smart security," Munter said. (Editing by Warren Strobel and Peter Cooney)
Beth Israel Medical Center, NY Ricardo Cruciani, M.D., Ph.D., Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, Beth Israel Medical Center Hi, my name is Ricardo Cruciani, I'm an M.D. and Ph.D., a pain specialist and I'm the Vice Chairman and Director of the Research Division at the Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care, Beth Israel Medical Center. I'd like to take this opportunity to discuss with you some of the research projects that we are conducting in our department right now. As you can tell from the name of the department, we do mostly pain and palliative care. So those are the big areas where we are conducting all our research. Pain, it can be acute pain or can be chronic pain. Within chronic pain, it can be cancer pain or non-cancer pain, for example, osteoarthritis or rheumatoid arthritis. The type of studies that we do, it could be with opioids or without opioids. In general, as a concept, all these medications can be used either in one disorder or the other. What we do is we look, what are the best doses, what are the best drug combinations, what are the side effects, how to work with the side effects. We have at any given time about 15 studies going on. If you are interested in knowing more about the type of research that we are doing please contact us at Beth Israel Medical Center, Department of Pain Medicine and Palliative Care. Thank you. -- This embed didnt make it to copy for story id = 4593238. Section 1: OverviewSection 2: Diagnosing PainSection 3: Treating PainSection 4: Common Pain Problems Related Topics: Body Aches And Pains, Arthritis, Opioids, Autoimmune Diseases, Rheumatism
How to Conquer Recession Depression Oct. 7, 2008 By KATE BARRETT Listen in at a coffee shop, stop a stranger on the street or strike up a conversation at the bus stop and you'll likely hear a story like Marie Moore's. Struggling to pay her bills and concerned about her husband's prolonged unemployment, the 31-year-old human resources assistant said the recession is taking an emotional toll. "I stay up worrying and not being able to sleep very well, I'm constantly thinking," Moore told ABCNews.com. "He kind of tends to shut down a bit and sleep a lot." The Moores' story is not unusual. The couple moved from Harrisburg, Pa., to Danville, Pa., during the summer for a job opportunity, but Moore's husband was laid off shortly thereafter when his employer restructured. Today, the former general manager of a banquet facility finds himself in a situation he's never faced before as he waits tables and looks for work. "I try not to skip my credit card bills, but the electric right now is three months' late. The telephone is two months' late," Moore said. When Mental Health Plummets With the Stock Market With the stock market plunging and Americans losing their homes and jobs, it's no surprise that mental health can take a nose-dive as well. In tough economic times, hopelessness and depression can encroach on our energy and optimism. "It isn't your normal kind of recession, which makes it more fearful and it paralyzes people," said Harvey Brenner, a public health professor at the University of North Texas Health Science Center, who has long studied the relationship between mental health and recession. Brenner also said suicide rates can almost become economic indicators. In Virginia, a suicide hot line said suicide-related calls in July and August were up 62 percent from the same time last year. Though the hot line's operators said the rise is not all due to the economy, call logs indicate that's part of what's going on. Crisis hot lines around the country have reported recent increases of people concerned about their finances. ComPsych, the largest provider of employee assistance programs, said calls from people asking for help because of stress from financial problems jumped 21 percent in July 2008, from a year earlier. ValueOptions, which also runs employee assistance programs, said people calling to ask for help with financial problems have jumped 89 percent. "I think the general tone is this sense of despondency," Marlene Zetzer, a psychiatrist from St. Simons Island, Ga., told ABCNews.com this week. "Most people are kind of feeling just a little discouraged and helpless, overwhelmed at what the next step is. They don't know what's going on." Zetzer, who consults patients in the southwest Georgia health system, said that during the last six months, she's noticed an exponential increase in the number of people who immediately bring up their financial stress, even before they refer to the medical conditions that brought them to the hospital. She said the doctors and nurses she works with are also feeling the blues. But for those whose finances and lack of job stability are the root of their concerns, it can be exceedingly difficult to pay for the health-care resources that could help them pull through. In Atlanta, psychologist Erik Fisher said a lot of people who have money stress can't afford therapy. And other patients have had to cut back on their sessions to save money. Americans' Financial Pain Is All in the FamilyAmerica: Living Beyond Our MeansProtecting Your MoneyFinancial Stress: How Bad Can It Get? Related Topics: Mental Health, Economic Depression, Recession, Depression, Public Health, Health Care, Job Losses
Live PHOTOS: Tattoos in the military Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink David, who asked that is face not be shown because he is with Special Operations, has his left arm almost entirely covered in tattoos. The designs include rays of light, angels and religious parables about the narrow and wide gates to heaven and hell. Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkDavid, who asked that is face not be shown because he is with Special Operations, has his left arm almost entirely covered in tattoos. The designs include rays of light, angels and religious parables about the narrow and wide gates to heaven and hell.ABC NewsTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkDavid, 26, received his first tattoo when he was 18. He had it covered up with this large cross, which was created to look like it was carved in "old worn wood."ABC NewsTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkRob Laffery, 35, is a tattoo artist at Performance Tattoo in Fayetteville, N.C., and knows where the sensitive spots are for his needle. He had one spot marked on his own wrist. "Yeah, that was a painful spot," he deadpanned. ABC NewsTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkJeffrey York, a veteran of the Afghan war who is currently assigned to Ft. Bragg, says he wears this statement from Theodore Roosevelt on his leg because it's about "people on the outside judging without being in the arena." ABC NewsTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink"As my travel and experiences grew, the tattoos grew with them," says Ray, another soldier who's in Special Operations. The burning sun represents life and the tree without leaves represents death. Ray said he saw this tree -- a "perfect tree in the middle of Baghdad" -- and the Kurdish writing below it translates to "I make my living by my weapons."ABC NewsTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkRob Laffery tattoos soldiers at Performance Tattoo in Fayetteville, N.C., which is close to Ft. Bragg. Trends come and go, and lately "zombies are big," he said. He's been tattooing tribal prints for 18 years.ABC NewsTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkAmy Smith, 29, is currently based at Ft. Bragg and has been in the Army for four years. "No place I've been [stationed] has winters so I'm bringing the snow with me," said the native of upstate New York referring to the large blue and black snowflakes tattooed across her back. Smith described the two colorful patterns on her arm as "two finials of fire and smoke--the ying and yang." Karen Russo/ABCTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body Ink"I wanted my family tattooed on me, but I didn't want a list of names," saidChristina Dion, 33, public affairs specialist at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan. So she tattooed the Chinese zodiac characters of her three children's birth years (the years of the snake, ox and goat) onto her back. "They're my everything. They're it. The hard work, determination, motivation and drive. The suck-it-up attitude because I don't want them to have to suck it up. I didn't have the easiest life. I don't want them to grow up like I did."Karen Russo/ABC Tale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkRob Laffery, 35, tattoos soldiers at Performance Tattoo in Fayetteville, N.C., which is close to Ft. Bragg. Trends come and go. Nowadays "zombies are big," he said. "Ouch" is tattooed on his inner wrist: "Yeah that was a painful spot," he deadpanned. Karen Russo/ABCTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkA soldier who did not want his face shown or be identified beyond his first name of Zach because he is in a special operations had his daughter's feet photocopied from her birth certificate and tattooed onto his arm. "So if I'm not around my family I have a piece of them with me," the 23-year-old soldier from Ashville, N.C., said. Karen Russo/ABCTale of the Tat: U.S. Military Body InkZach also paid homage to his wife on his arm. "She has a classic beauty to me and I wanted to represent that in a pin-up... And she's so firey. That's why she's on the ammo and the big ol bomb. She's my bombshell," he said smiling.
Protests in Turkey Chaos in Istanbul Erdem Gunduz stands in a silent protest at Taksim Square in Istanbul, June 18, 2013. Gunduz staged an eight-hour silent vigil in Taksim Square, scene of violent clashes between police and anti-government protesters in recent weeks, inspiring hundreds of others to follow his lead. Gunduz said he wanted to take a stand against police stopping demonstrations near the square. Marko Djurica/Reuters Chaos in IstanbulErdem Gunduz stands in a silent protest at Taksim Square in Istanbul, June 18, 2013. Gunduz staged an eight-hour silent vigil in Taksim Square, scene of violent clashes between police and anti-government protesters in recent weeks, inspiring hundreds of others to follow his lead. Gunduz said he wanted to take a stand against police stopping demonstrations near the square. Marko Djurica/ReutersChaos in IstanbulTurkish choreographer Erdem Gunduz, center, stands in Taksim square, June 18, 2013. The man stood for several hours unnoticed before his presence on the flashpoint square went viral on the social network Twitter. He was then joined by hundreds of others who in solidarity decided to join his protest by also standing silently.Marco Longari/AFP/Getty Images
Live Home> International Reporter's Notebook: One Face From Tahrir Square, Cairo CAIRO, Feb. 3, 2011 By DAVID MUIR David Muir More from David » Weekend Anchor, "World News" Follow @DavidMuir Sherief Gaberf shows his injuries after being struck in the face by pro-Mubarak forces in Cairo's Tahrir Square, Feb. 2, 2011. He left his studies at the University of Texas to travel to Egypt this week and check on his grandmother and join his friends in protest. Courtesy Sherief Gaber As so many people tried to get out of Egypt this week, we traveled to Cairo Tuesday on a nearly empty flight. In the back of the plane, there was a young man from Texas who'd told his university professors that he just had to get home. "I have some family there, and I want to check on grandma," Sherief Gaber said. For Complete Coverage of the Crisis in Egypt, Featuring Exclusive Reporting From Christiane Amanpour, Click Here When our plane landed, Gaber asked us for a ride from the airport, explaining that he had tried to get word to his grandmother and wasn't even sure if she knew he was coming. On the highway into town, we passed lone cars braving the streets well past curfew time. There were flashing lights, and then the stops -- checkpoints enforced by a citizen's army that had taken hold here. Neighbors have armed themselves with guns and bats, stopping cars to check IDs and passports. "I think everyone got afraid of the looting, and so they took to the streets themselves," Gaber said. "You've never seen anything like this?" I asked him. "Never, anywhere," he said. In Climate of Fear, Citizens Set Up Checkpoints We were stopped more than a dozen times before we finally reached Gaber's grandmother's home. We followed Gaber as he made his way through a familiar iron gate and pressed the buzzer. "Nonna? It's Sherief," he said. As we made our way up the stairs, frightened neighbors began shouting from their balconies: Who are you, and who are you here to see? When we reached Gaber's grandmother's door, she saw her grandson and greeted him with a giant hug. She welcomed the crew from America into her house, too. Just a short time later, our visit was interrupted by a man who barged in carrying a gun. It was a neighbor, checking up on the grandmother. Gaber Involved in Clash in Cairo's Tahrir Square "Has this been a difficult time for Egypt?" I asked the grandmother. "Very, very," she said. "I can't open or anything. You can't open the door. You act like you're not here. You pretend like you're not home." Her grandson's visit brought a smile, but he told her he wanted to meet up with friends who had marched in protest that day and were still together that night. Before leaving, Gaber gave his grandma a kiss goodbye. Today, we heard from Gaber again. He'd e-mailed a photo of himself, his face battered and bloody, but still bearing an unmistakable smile. He told us that he had gone with his friends to Tahrir Square, the epicenter of clashes between anti-Mubarak protesters and crowds who support the embattled president, Tuesday night, . Gaber told us that he was on the fringe of the square when he was attacked, struck in the face with a stone by a pro-Mubarak demonstrator. The young man who'd come to Egypt to check on his grandmother was now being cared for by his family. He said he wouldn't go back out again tonight. Click here to return to the "World News" page. Crisis in Egypt: Christiane Amanpour Reports - Complete CoverageObama: Egypt Change Should Begin 'Now' PHOTOS: Egypt: Images of Turmoil PHOTOS: Satellite Images of Egyptian MilitaryMubarak's 30-Year Reign EndsThe Egyptian People Celebrate Related Topics: Tahrir (Liberty) Square, Egypt Protests, Christiane Amanpour
Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church Proclaiming God's Word in Bowling Green, Ohio. HomePastor Luke UlrichSermonsWhere We Are… Looking for a place to Abide in His Word? Join Us on Sundays: 9:00 am Sunday School; 10:00 am Divine Service John 8:31-32 Jesus said: “If you abide in My Word, you are My disciples indeed. And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.” This is what you will find at Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church of Bowling Green, Ohio. In a world that is constantly changing, many people are looking for an unmovable foundation that they can build themselves upon. That foundation is God’s Word proclaimed in its truth and purity and distributed in the Sacraments of Holy Baptism and the Lord’s Supper. Through these tools of Word and Sacrament God brings us the blessings that Jesus Christ won for us with his life, death, and resurrection. In Christ we receive the Forgiveness of Sins, Salvation, and Eternal Life. We are a Confessional Lutheran Church that understands ”The Word of God is and should remain the sole rule and norm of all doctrine” (FC SD, Rule & Norm, 9), and “We pledge ourselves to the prophetic and apostolic writings of the Old and New Testaments as the pure and clear fountain of Israel, which is the only true norm according to which all teachers and teachings are to be judged” (FC SD, Rule and Norm, 3). The Confessions and Creeds of our congregation and synod (found in the Book of Concord: The Confessions of the Lutheran Church) state what we as Lutherans believe to be the teachings of Scripture and what we therefore believe, teach, and publicly confess. Our Congregation is a member of the Evangelical Lutheran Synod (ELS) (in fellowship with the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod (WELS)) Visit our YouTube Channel! http://www.youtube.com/user/AbidingWordBG Abiding Word on YouTube Bethany Lutheran College Bethany Lutheran Theological Seminary Book of Concord: The Confessions of the Lutheran Church CELC – Confessional Evangelical Lutheran Conference ELS – Evangelical Lutheran Synod Lutheran Schools of America Thoughts of Faith WELS – Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod Worldview Everlasting Abiding Word Ev. Lutheran Church Proudly powered by WordPress.
Hurricane Isaac Videos: Anderson Cooper reporting in Louisiana As Tropical Storm Isaac gained strength in the Gulf of Mexico over the weekend Anderson flew from the Republican National Convention in Tampa to New Orleans. On Tuesday, shortly after 11 a.m. CDT Isaac was upgraded to a Category 1 storm according to the National Hurricane Center. At 6:45 p.m. CDT the National Weather Service Doppler radar indicated that Isaac made a first landfall along the coast of southeast Louisiana in the marshland of Plaquemines Parish, southwest of the mouth of the Mississippi River, with maximum sustained winds of 80 mph. After wobbling back over the water near the mouth of the Mississippi River, Isaac then made a second landfall at about 2 a.m. CDT near Port Fourchon, 60 miles southeast of New Orleans, according to an early morning update by the National Hurricane Center. Watch Anderson's reports below... 7:22 p.m. CDT 10:41 p.m. CDT Post by: Anderson Cooper Filed under: Hurricane Isaac • Hurricanes • Isaac Hi Anderson, Hope you guys are staying warm in the storm. I never did understand something by these media folks. I am sure you guys are paid really well, but do you really have to struggle so much to get the news. Why do you'll stand in the rain and cover the news – I never did understand the concept. You sure are going to show the wind blowing and the rain sweeping....whatever .....but it never makes sense to stand in the pouring rain and talk. I mean, you'll can stand in a room etc and still show us the storm. Never did understand that concept...it is scaring for us and I dont think the public demand is so bad that we want to see you'll being swept in the rain....take care and come back home safe... August 31, 2012 at 9:05 am | Miseka Hi Anderson, I wish you can get out before this election and come vist the people that are not spoke about, the people that are not even talked about unless they are speaking about the poor people in the USA! I dont consider myself poor, I work every day. I have a daughter that starts her first year of college this fall and I am pushing on because I would love to see someone from this poor family become successful in the USA. My grandmother worked all of her life and at the age of 87 she cant get a homehealth aid under her health insurance. I have 4 generations of college Grads in this family and why is it that we are still waiting for that American Dream. I pray that someone I am reaching out to will visit my community and see the struggel we the poor people go threw on a daily basis and I dont belive thier is no Rep or Dem that will ever understand or have a clue about we the so called middle class or poor people go threw on a daily basis. AC I think this will be a great story for you and the world to open thier eyes to. August 29, 2012 at 10:55 pm | Nancy Great job, as always, CNN! All of you are doing a great job covering the convention AND the hurricane. No one does it better! Keep up the great work! August 29, 2012 at 10:07 pm | « Back to main
